[IMP] Attendances - Update main doc (#16085)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/attendances.rst

To see what access rights a user has, navigate to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Users &
Companies --> Users`, and click on an individual user. The :guilabel:`Access Rights` tab is visible

> by default. Scroll down to the :guilabel:`Human Resources` section to view the settings. For the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by default. Scroll down to the _Human Resources_ section to view the settings. For the
```

Reviewer: italicize section titles per updated style

:guilabel:`Attendances` field, the following options appear:

- :guilabel:`No`: The user does **not** have access to the **Attendances** application, and are
  **not** able to open the app, even though it appears on the main database dashboard. An

>   :guilabel:`Access Error` pop-up message appears when the application is clicked. The user can only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Access Error_ pop-up message appears when the application is clicked. The user can only
```

  check in and out of the database either through an :ref:`attendance kiosk

>   <attendances/kiosk-mode-entry>` or using the :doc:`attendance icon

Reviewer: parallel structure with "through an attendance kiosk"
alternatively, put "using attendance icon" first followed by "through an attendance kiosk"

>   <attendances/check_in_check_out>` in the top-right of the database, which is visible at all times,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <attendances/check_in_check_out>` in the top-right corner of the Odoo database, which is visible at all times,
```

exception where non-admin users can view records in the **Attendances** app.

> To view who the attendance approver for an employee is, navigate to the :menuselection:`Employees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the attendance approver for an employee, navigate to the :guilabel:`Employees`
```

> application` and click on the specific employee. Click on the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, scroll to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application and click on the specific employee. Click on the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, scroll to
```

> the :guilabel:`Approvers` section, and check the :guilabel:`Attendance` field. The person selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the _Approvers_ section, and check the :guilabel:`Attendance` field. The person selected
```

is able to view that employee's attendance records, both on the **Attendances** application
dashboard as well as in the attendance reports, and make modifications to their records.

Configuration
=============

Few configurations are needed in the **Attendances** app. Determining how employees check in and
out, defining how the kiosks function, and determining how extra hours are computed are all set in

> the Configuration menu. Navigate to the :menuselection:`Attendances application --> Configuration

Reviewer: does "Configuration menu" refer to the configuration settings in the next sentence? if it is we can just say "configuration settings" or **Settings** app right?

--> Settings` to access the settings menu.

.. note::
   Any configuration item with a :icon:`fa-building-o` :guilabel:`(building)` icon is a
   company-specific configuration. Items without a :icon:`fa-building-o` :guilabel:`(building)` icon
   apply to all companies within the database.

.. _attendances/modes:

> Modes

Reviewer: i personally try to make headings descriptive/use a verb if they're actionable
could be workshopped, e.g., "_Configure check-in and absence **options/settings**_", "_**Manage** check-in and absence settings_"

  to check in and out directly from the Odoo database. If this is not activated, users must use a
  kiosk to check in and out of work.
- :guilabel:`Automatic Check-Out` :icon:`fa-building-o`: Activate this feature to automatically
  check out employees according to their working schedule, after a buffer of time has passed. When
  enabled, a :guilabel:`Tolerance` field appears below this option. Enter the amount of time, in
  hours, that must elapse after an employee's working hours have ended, before they are
  automatically checked out.

  .. example::
     With the :guilabel:`Automatic Check-Out` option enabled, and the :guilabel:`Tolerance` set to
     `2.00` hours, an employee checks in to work at 9:00 AM and forgets to check out at 5:00 PM. At
     7:00 PM, they are automatically checked out.

- :guilabel:`Absence Management` :icon:`fa-building-o`: Activate this feature to log any absences
  that are not associated with a time off request, such as vacation time or sick time, on the
  :doc:`attendance report <attendances/attendance_reporting>`. This does **not** apply for employees
  with a flexible working schedule.

> Extra Hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure extra hours
```
